Create Digest 39.md (#65)
SovereignCloudStack/newsletter: _digest/39.md

    button:
      text: SCS YouTube Channel
      link: https://www.youtube.com/@sovereigncloudstack/
  - title: "Digital Sovereignty for Saxonia"
    image: /assets/images/39/ALASCA.png
    text : |-
      ALASCA e.V. was founded as association for operational, open cloud infrastructures, so the collaboration with SCS was obvious. Now, ALASCA received funding from the Saxon State Ministry of Economic Affairs, Labour and Transport (SMWA), to drive the further development, piloting and dissemination of open source software and standards for cloud services within the Saxon ecosystem. And they will use SCS technology to achieve this goal. And of course the SCS community will support the project! 
    button:
      text: Press Release
      link: https://alasca.cloud/en/alasca-e-v-ertain-demand-of-the-saxon-state-ministry-of-economics-labour-and-transport-smwa-to-strengthen-digital-sovereignty-in-saxony/
  - title: "Global Collaboration"
    image: /assets/images/39/Updated.png
    text : |-

>       During the last year SCS war part of the GovStack community and contributed to the Cloud Infrastructure Building Block. Now SCS is also listed as the cloud infrastructure reference implementation of GovStack. And we are very happy to continue our collaboration in supporting countries in their digital transformation and building their own sovereign cloud environment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      During the last year SCS was part of the GovStack community and contributed to the Cloud Infrastructure Building Block, defining vendor-neutral requirements for sovereign cloud & container infrastructure. The SCS implementation has now been listed as the first compliant implementation in the GovStack marketplace. And we are very happy to continue our collaboration to support states in offering digital services to their citizens by pursuing their digital transformation and building their own sovereign cloud environments.
```
